feat: Service Catalog landing page (#7739)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/service-catalog/index.md

---
title: Service catalog
subtitle: Track every service across your architecture
content-type: explanation
---

> {{site.konnect_saas}}'s Service Catalog offers a comprehensive catalog of all services running in your organization, both {{site.base_gateway}} services and external services. This catalog is the single source of truth for your organization’s service inventory and their dependencies.

Reviewer: external Integrations*

{% mermaid %}
graph TD
    subgraph "Built-In Integrations"
        D[{{site.base_gateway}}]
        E[{{site.mesh_product_name}}]
        F[{{site.konnect_short_name}} Analytics]
        G[API Products]
    end

    subgraph "External Integrations"
        H[GitHub]
        I[PagerDuty]
    end

    D -->A[{{site.konnect_short_name}} Service Catalog]
    E -->A
    F -->A
    G -->A

    H -->A
    I -->A
{% endmermaid %}

> > Figure 1: This diagram shows how you can pull services from built-in integrations (like {{site.base_gateway}}, {{site.mesh_product_name}}, {{site.konnect_short_name}} Analytics, and API Products) and external services (like from GitHub and PagerDuty) into the Service Catalog. This consolidates all your organization's services and service health metrics into a single view.

Reviewer: It's not only health metrics that Service Catalog aggregates. Rather, Service Catalog consolidates a data from a multitude of sources that developers need to ensure their service stays up and running. These include: code repositories (GitHub/GitLab/Bitbucket), incident management (PagerDuty/OpsGenie/Incident.io), observability (Datadog/New Relic), security (Snyk/Sonaqube), CI/CD (CircleCI/Jenkins), infrastructure (Kubernetes/AWS/Azure/GCP), and so on.

Specifically, Service Catalog addresses the following problems:

* **Service discovery:** Gain visibility into all your services, including unrecognized or undiscovered APIs that live in your organization’s fragmented ecosystems. 
* **Service ownership:** Keep track of your organization's service ownership by mapping teams and services. 
* **Service health:** The Service Catalog consolidates key service health metrics into a single view, so you no longer need to check multiple tools (like GitHub and PagerDuty) for recent activity and status. It also helps you quickly identify and reuse existing services, reducing duplication and effort.
* **Service governance and policy enforcement:** Enables governance in how services are created and maintained across your company to ensure you adhere to security, compliance, and engineering best practices.

{% mermaid %}
graph TD
    subgraph "{{site.konnect_short_name}} Service Catalog"
        SC[Service Catalog]
        SG[{{site.base_gateway}} Service]
        API[API Product]
    end

    subgraph "External APIs"
        GitHub[GitHub]
        PagerDuty[PagerDuty]

>         Data[External API Data]

Reviewer: Curious as to what this was meant to represent!

Author: @miko-bautista That was meant to represent that Service Catalog also can "see" interactions between resources/services and external APIs.

    end

>     GitHub -->|Pulls Service| SC

Reviewer: I worry that "Pulls Service" in lines 55 and 56 might be confusing to readers. Based on the terminology below, the entity that we are pulling from Integrations such as GitHub and PagerDuty are called "Resources" within our product. 

The Resource type that we get from GitHub is called a "GitHub Repository" and the one from PagerDuty is (confusingly) called a "PagerDuty Resource". The one we will get from Datadog is called a "Datadog Monitor".

    PagerDuty -->|Pulls Service| SC

>     SC -->|Maps to| SG

Reviewer: Let's talk about this more tomorrow, but a Service Catalog Service doesn't quite technically "map to" a Gateway Service. It's more of the other way around, actually. A Gateway Service is the Resource type that we ingest from the Gateway Manager Integration. A Service Catalog Service can be thought of as nothing but an aggregation of Resources (Gateway Service, Mesh Service, GitHub Repository, Datadog Monitor, Slack Channel, etc.) along with additional metadata attached (team owner, product manager, etc.).

    SC -->|Maps to| API
    SC -->|Collects Data from| Data
    Data -->|Reports to| SC
{% endmermaid %}

> Figure 2: This diagram shows how you can map services from one source, like GitHub, to another, such as a {{site.base_gateway}} service, in Service Catalog. Service Catalog also shows you how your services interact with external APIs.

## Service Catalog terminology

| Term | Definition |
| ---- | ---------- |
| Service Catalog | The canonical system of record for your organization's services in {{site.konnect_short_name}}. This includes all the interactions between them and with external APIs. |

> | [Service](/gateway/latest/key-concepts/services/) | A service is the top-level entity in the Service Catalog. It typically represents an external upstream API or microservice that's owned by a singular team in your organization. For example, a data transformation microservice, a billing API, and so on. |

Reviewer: Would suggest changing the link here, since a Service Catalog Service is not the same thing as a Gateway Service!

> | Integration | These are application integrations, either internal {{site.konnect_short_name}} applications or external applications. When enabled, an integration serves one of two purposes:<ul><li>Allows you to discover new Resources and subsequently create new services based on them. For example: creating a new {{site.konnect_short_name}} service called “Billing” from a GitHub Repository called “billing-repo-public”. In this case, the integration is GitHub and the Resource is the GitHub Repository called “billing-repo-public”.</li><li>Allows you to add helpful contextual information to a service that already exists in your catalog. For example: binding a {{site.base_gateway}} service called “trigger-payment” to a Service Catalog service. In this case, the integration is “Gateway Manager” and the Resource is the “trigger-payment” {{site.base_gateway}} service.</li> |

Reviewer: We are in the process of writing Learning Hub content for Service Catalog, and as part of that, are including definitions for these terms. See here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JInLEJkm4D1y7RAFrfkTmG2AQNfy_vt_7hG1875-5yM/edit#heading=h.93cm9iglwi92

Let's make sure that we align on consistent definitions for both Kong Docs and Learning Hub.

---
title: Service catalog
subtitle: Track every service across your architecture
content-type: explanation
---

> {{site.konnect_saas}}'s Service Catalog offers a comprehensive catalog of all services running in your organization, both {{site.base_gateway}} services and external integration resources. This catalog is the single source of truth for your organization’s service inventory and their dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{site.konnect_saas}}'s Service Catalog offers a comprehensive catalog of all services running in your organization, both {{site.base_gateway}} services and external integration resources.
```
This sentence made me think "what is a service inventory" "what are dependencies".

> Specifically, Service Catalog addresses the following problems:

Reviewer 2: The language in this section is too close to the marketing communication. Some of these, in the way they are written aren't really 'problems', so for example this sentence positions 'service ownership' as more of a feature: 

Service ownership: Keep track of your organization’s service ownership by mapping teams and services.

The problem here would be something around organizations having to track hundreds of services across hundreds of teams. 

Maybe a use case table would be a better fit?

> * **Service discovery:** Gain visibility into all your services, including unrecognized or undiscovered APIs that live in your organization’s fragmented ecosystems. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Service discovery:** Gain visibility into all your services, including unrecognized or undiscovered APIs in your organization. 
```

> * **Service ownership:** Keep track of your organization's service ownership by mapping teams and services. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Service ownership:** Keep track of your organization's service ownership by mapping teams and services. 
```
Mapping them to what? Mapping teams **to** services maybe?

> * **Service health:** Consolidate key service health metrics into a single view, so you no longer need to check multiple tools (like GitHub and PagerDuty) for recent activity and status. It also helps you quickly identify and reuse existing services, reducing duplication and effort.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Service health:** Consolidate key service health metrics into a single dashboard, allowing you to interact with other tools from one place. 
```
"It also helps you quickly identify and reuse existing services, reducing duplication and effort."
How is it helping you do that?

> * **Service governance and policy enforcement:** Enables governance in how services are created and maintained across your company to ensure you adhere to security, compliance, and engineering best practices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Service governance and policy enforcement:** Enables governance and policy enforcement. 
```

    end

    %% Define the Inventory Service Catalog Service subgraph inside Konnect Service Catalog
    subgraph InventoryService[Inventory Service]
      direction LR
      SomeOtherService[Kong Gateway service 2]
      AnotherService[PagerDuty service 2]
      DifferentRepo[GitHub repository 2]
    end

  end

  %% Connect the resources to the Konnect Service Catalog
  GitHub -- "GitHub repositories" --> KonnectServiceCatalog
  PagerDuty -- "PagerDuty services" --> KonnectServiceCatalog
  KongGateway -- "Kong Gateway services" --> KonnectServiceCatalog

  %% Style the subgraphs
  class KonnectServiceCatalog konnect
  class BillingService serviceCatalog
  class InventoryService serviceCatalog
{% endmermaid %}
<!-- vale on-->

> Figure 1: This diagram shows how you can use both external integrations, like GitHub and PagerDuty, as well as built-in integrations like {{site.base_gateway}} to pull resources into Service Catalog. You can then map those resources (like GitHub repositories, PagerDuty services, and {{site.base_gateway}} services) to Service Catalog Services.

## Service Catalog terminology

| Term | Definition |
| ---- | ---------- |

> | Service Catalog | The canonical system of record for your organization's services in {{site.konnect_short_name}}. This includes all the interactions between them and with external APIs. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Service Catalog | A comprehensive catalog of all services running in your organization. T. |
```
I would use this type of wording from the private beta manual. "canonical" and "system of record" and the last sentence makes it harder to understand.

> | Service | A Service is the top-level entity in the Service Catalog. It represents what you might consider a “service”, typically defined as an independent system delivering specific capabilities and owned by a singular team in your organization. It is *not* the same as a {{site.base_gateway}} [service](/gateway/latest/key-concepts/services/). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Service | A Service is the top-level entity in the Service Catalog. It represents what you might consider a “service”, typically defined as an independent system delivering specific capabilities and owned by a singular team in your organization. It is *not* the same as a {{site.base_gateway}} [service](/gateway/latest/key-concepts/services/). |
```

I understood a Service in the service catalog ecosystem to be a collection of resources. I think that's the most important part, a Service Catalog Service is a collection of resources, meaning that a service catalog Service can contain 10 gateway services inside of it.

> | Integration | These are applications, either internal {{site.konnect_short_name}} applications or external applications, that act as sources from which you can ingest Resources. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Integration | These are applications, either internal {{site.konnect_short_name}} applications or external applications, from which you can ingest data. Like Github|
```

> | Resource | Resources are entities that are injested from Integrations. They can range from infrastructure (for example, a database or a cache) to external services (for example, a code repository, CI/CD infrastructure, an on-call system, documentation, or an API spec). Resources can be mapped to one or more Services. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Resource | Resources are entities that are injested from Integrations. |
```
Maybe for example: A Github repository.

> ## FAQs

Reviewer 2: these don't render in the preview.

Author: @Guaris Hmmm, they seem to be rendering for me

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/83720e34-1dd4-4b22-88a0-c248aea4a2ed)
This is what they look like for me.

Reviewer: ^ This is what it looks like for me too! The preview doesn't seem to work for me either.

{{ konnect_concepts | markdownify }}

</details>

<details><summary>How can I identify and reuse existing Resources?</summary>
{% capture service_mapping %}
Service Catalog will pull in any Resources that match your specified criteria when you enable integrations. 
{% endcapture %}

{{ konnect_concepts | markdownify }}

</details>

<details><summary>What should I do if I notice discrepancies in the data shown in the Service Catalog?</summary>
{% capture service_mapping %}
Check the Service Catalog integration settings and data sources for any issues. Ensure that all connected tools are properly configured and that data synchronization is functioning correctly.
{% endcapture %}

{{ konnect_concepts | markdownify }}

</details>

<details><summary>Can I control who has access to specific Services or data in the Service Catalog?</summary>
{% capture service_mapping %}
Yes, you can configure access controls and manage permissions to Service Catalog by configuring [teams](/konnect/org-management/teams-and-roles/manage/) and [roles](/konnect/org-management/teams-and-roles/roles-reference/).
{% endcapture %}

{{ konnect_concepts | markdownify }}

</details>

## More information

> * [Publish an API to Dev Portal](/konnect/api-products/productize-service/) - Learn how to create an API product, associate it with your {{site.base_gateway}} service, and publish it to the Dev Portal.

Reviewer 2: Maybe a link to the integrations page instead.

---
title: Service catalog
subtitle: Track every service across your architecture
content-type: explanation
---

> {{site.konnect_saas}}'s Service Catalog offers a comprehensive catalog of all services running in your organization, both {{site.base_gateway}} services and external integration resources.

Reviewer: I worry that mentioning Gateway Services this early in the page might confuse readers into (incorrectly) thinking that this product is a catalog of Gateway Services.

Typically, I've gone with something like "Kong Konnect’s Service Catalog is designed to offer a comprehensive list of all services running in your organization. This catalog represents the single source of truth of your organization’s service inventory and their dependencies. It includes services that are powered by Kong Gateway and those that are not."

  KongGateway[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/main/app/assets/images/icons/kong-gradient.svg" width="15" height="15"/> Kong Gateway]:::resource

  %% Define the Konnect Service Catalog and its subgraphs
  subgraph KonnectServiceCatalog[Konnect Service Catalog]
    direction TB

    %% Define the Billing Service subgraph inside Konnect Service Catalog
    subgraph BillingService[Billing Service]
      direction LR
      KongGatewayService[Kong Gateway service 1]
      PagerDutyServiceMapping[PagerDuty service 1]
      GitHubRepoMapping[GitHub repository 1]
    end

    %% Define the Inventory Service Catalog Service subgraph inside Konnect Service Catalog
    subgraph InventoryService[Inventory Service]
      direction LR
      SomeOtherService[Kong Gateway service 2]
      AnotherService[PagerDuty service 2]
      DifferentRepo[GitHub repository 2]
    end

  end

  %% Connect the resources to the Konnect Service Catalog
  GitHub -- "GitHub repositories" --> KonnectServiceCatalog

>   PagerDuty -- "PagerDuty services" --> KonnectServiceCatalog

Reviewer: We alternatively use "Datadog" and "Datadog Monitor" here instead. I worry that seeing "PagerDuty Service" might throw off readers this early on.

Author: > I worry that seeing "PagerDuty Service" might throw off readers this early on.

@miko-bautista Could you explain this a bit? 

Once more integrations/resources are added, I'm not sure that all of them should be in this diagram just because it could become cluttered quickly. But I'm happy to switch PagerDuty out with something else! I think Traceable will be in GA, we could add that instead.

Reviewer 3: I wonder if we shouldn't use specific service names here at all. At some point, we're going to have many other services. It might be better to do something like:

* Gateway Manager services (internal) - you already have this one
* External services

Or, "external service 1", "external service 2", "external service 3". (External integration might be the more accurate term). You could then provide an example of what an external integration could be, which is where you could mention pagerduty and github.

>   KongGateway -- "Kong Gateway services" --> KonnectServiceCatalog

Reviewer: Technically, "Gateway Manager" is the name of the application from which we are ingesting Gateway Services, not "Kong Gateway".

  %% Style the subgraphs
  class KonnectServiceCatalog konnect
  class BillingService serviceCatalog
  class InventoryService serviceCatalog
{% endmermaid %}
<!-- vale on-->

> > Figure 1: This diagram shows how you can use both external integrations, like GitHub and PagerDuty, as well as built-in integrations like {{site.base_gateway}} to pull resources into Service Catalog. You can then map those resources (like GitHub repositories, PagerDuty services, and {{site.base_gateway}} services) to Service Catalog Services.

Reviewer: "as well as built-in integrations like *Gateway Manager* to pull resources... like GitHub repositories, PagerDuty services, and *Gateway Services*..."

## Service Catalog use cases

| You want to... | Then use... |
| -------------- | ----------- |

> | Keep track of your organization's service ownership by mapping teams to services. | [{{site.konnect_short_name}} Organization Teams](https://cloud.konghq.comorganization/teams) |

Author: @miko-bautista I'm not sure if the Konnect org teams is the correct feature to use for this use case. Are we adding a new role for Service Catalog? I think I saw on the PagerDuty service, you could add a responsible party. Is there any other way to assign someone to a resource or Service?

Reviewer: We still haven't built integrations between Service Catalog and KAuth. However, the idea is that users will be able to associate Konnect Users and/or Konnect Teams to a Service as part of the Service's metadata. 

For now, I've attached a wireframe to give you a visual sense of what I'm talking about. Happy to discuss this in more detail when we meet tomorrow though.

<img width="923" alt="Screenshot 2024-08-17 at 1 08 22 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0d71572c-a682-41f4-b16d-ff3675dae335">
<img width="922" alt="Screenshot 2024-08-17 at 1 08 29 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5e34089a-c640-41b9-8b16-71e7a7e1729e">

| Gain visibility into all your services, including unrecognized or undiscovered APIs in your organization.  | [Service Catalog integrations](https://cloud.konghq.com/servicehub/integrations) |

> | Consolidate key service health metrics into a single dashboard, allowing you to interact with other tools from one place. | [Service Catalog dashboard](https://cloud.konghq.com/servicehub) |

Reviewer: Perhaps we should also say something about consolidating documentation and API specs here?

> | Govern how services are created and maintained across your company to adhere to security, compliance, and engineering best practices. | ? |

Author: @miko-bautista I wasn't sure which Service Catalog feature allowed users to create a governance policy.

Reviewer: That would be Scorecards! Here is the PRD: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vyUihjEJ_4qHIVhIn2TzSdg0yi7FgsvPAsXk6-nclOY/edit#heading=h.xkhrhr69reo5

During our call tomorrow, I can walk you through some of Julieta's early Figma mockups for this feature and answer any questions you might have.

## Service Catalog terminology

| Term | Definition |
| ---- | ---------- |
| Integration | These are applications, either internal {{site.konnect_short_name}} applications or external applications, from which you can ingest data. For example, GitHub. |
| Resource | Resources are entities that are injested from integrations. For example, a GitHub repository. |

> | Service | A Service is a collection of resources in the Service Catalog. It represents what you might consider a “service”, typically defined as an independent system delivering specific capabilities and owned by a singular team in your organization. It is *not* the same as a {{site.base_gateway}} [service](/gateway/latest/key-concepts/services/). For example, a Service Catalog Service could have 10 {{site.base_gateway}} services, a GitHub repository, and several PagerDuty services mapped to it. |

Reviewer: 1) Should we capitalize the "R" in "Resource" (and "I" in "Integration, for that matter) whenever we refer to the actual entities? Not sure whether we do this for other Docs pages.
2) I worry that the last sentence might be confusing, since we would need to clarify that both the "Gateway Service" and the "PagerDuty Service" are actually Resources, even though they contain the word 'service' in their names.

---
title: Service Catalog
subtitle: Track every service across your architecture
content-type: explanation
---

{{site.konnect_saas}}'s Service Catalog offers a comprehensive catalog of all services running in your organization. This catalog gives you insight into your organization's services and their dependencies. It includes both {{site.base_gateway}} services and external integration resources.

<!-- vale off-->
{% mermaid %}
graph LR
  %% Define styles for icons and nodes

>   classDef resource fill:#E6D0F0
>   classDef konnect fill:#d0e5f3
>   classDef serviceCatalog fill:#e1f7d5

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  classDef konnect stroke-dasharray:3,rx:10,ry:10
  classDef serviceCatalog fill:#d0e5f3,rx:10,ry:10
```
In the interest of consistency across our diagrams, lets use rounded corners and not use purple and green - unless there's a specific purpose to those colours.

  %% Define the resources

>   ExternalIntegration1[External Integration 1]:::resource
>   ExternalIntegration2[External Integration 2</div>]:::resource
>   GatewayManager[<div style="text-align:center;"><img src="/assets/images/logos/konglogo-gradient-secondary.svg" style="max-height:50px; max-width:50px; display:block; margin:0 auto;" class="no-image-expand"/> Gateway Manager</div>]:::resource

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  ExternalIntegration1(External Integration 1):::resource
  ExternalIntegration2(External Integration 2</div>):::resource
  GatewayManager(<div style="text-align:center;"><img src="/assets/images/logos/konglogo-gradient-secondary.svg" style="max-width:25px; display:block; margin:0 auto;" class="no-image-expand"/> Gateway Manager</div>):::resource
```
Rounded corner shapes. 

You don't have to accept my exact size, 50px was just an example. I think "display:block" might not be doing anything here either, it just gets ignored if you inspect the element via chrome tools.

  %% Define the Konnect Service Catalog and its subgraphs
  subgraph KonnectServiceCatalog[Konnect Service Catalog]
    direction TB

>     %% Define the Billing Service subgraph inside Konnect Service Catalog
>     subgraph BillingService[Billing Service]
>       direction LR
>       KongGatewayService[Gateway service 1]
>       ExternalResourceMapping1[External resource]
>       ExternalResourceMapping2[External resource]
>     end
> 
>     %% Define the Inventory Service Catalog Service subgraph inside Konnect Service Catalog
>     subgraph InventoryService[Inventory Service]
>       direction LR
>       SomeOtherService[Gateway service 2]
>       AnotherService[External resource]
>       DifferentRepo[External resource]
>     end

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    %% Define the Billing Service subgraph inside Konnect Service Catalog
    subgraph BillingService[Billing Service]
      direction LR
      KongGatewayService(Gateway service 1)
      ExternalResourceMapping1(External resource)
      ExternalResourceMapping2(External resource)
    end

    %% Define the Inventory Service Catalog Service subgraph inside Konnect Service Catalog
    subgraph InventoryService[Inventory Service]
      direction LR
      SomeOtherService(Gateway service 2)
      AnotherService(External resource)
      DifferentRepo(External resource)
    end
```

---

> title: Service catalog

Author: ```suggestion
title: Service Catalog
```

---
title: Service Catalog
subtitle: Track every service across your architecture
content-type: explanation
---

{{site.konnect_saas}}'s Service Catalog offers a comprehensive catalog of all services running in your organization. This catalog gives you insight into your organization's services and their dependencies. It includes both {{site.base_gateway}} services and external integration resources.

<!-- vale off-->
{% mermaid %}
graph LR
  %% Define styles for icons and nodes
  classDef integration fill:#f7f7f7,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px;
  classDef resource fill:#e1f7d5,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px;
  classDef konnect fill:#d0e5ff,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px;
  classDef serviceCatalog fill:#e1f7d5,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px;

>   classDef billingInventory fill:#f0f0f0,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px;

Reviewer 3: Curious about the styling here. I think it's a great idea to group elements by colours (the green, for example, groups integrations and services) - but I'm not sure about what the rest of it is doing. `stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px;` seems to set all the borders to thick black lines - what's the goal of this? Were there contrast issues with the original diagram?

  %% Define the resources
  GitHub[<img src="https://img.icons8.com/ios/50/000000/github.png" width="24" height="24"/> GitHub]:::resource
  PagerDuty[<img src="https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/E-zhAf4KJ6JDDXmQfQxBprn2sATGYUMkOEqLQX5HAQQtiwDZJg4c8sQd7deb6nCZCwU=w480-h960-rw" width="24" height="24"/> PagerDuty]:::resource

>   GatewayManager[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/main/app/assets/images/icons/kong-gradient.svg" width="15" height="15"/> Gateway Manager]:::resource

Reviewer 2: Kong icon way too big can we fix that somehow?

Reviewer 3: We can, you would have to set a max size on the icon. The styling code here isn't actually doing anything (looks AI-generated?). When you adjust the source for the icons, you should also do something like:

```
style="max-height:50px; max-width:50px" class="no-image-expand"
```

You also want that `no-image-expand` class because otherwise the icons will be clickable (images expand by default into a modal).

>   GatewayManager[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/main/app/assets/images/icons/kong-gradient.svg" width="15" height="15"/> Gateway Manager]:::resource

Reviewer 3: Please use internally hosted images and do not use content that is hosted elsewhere (looks like pagerduty is coming from google images or something?). For third-party logos, you would upload them to `app/assets/images/icons/third-party`.

We definitely already have the Kong logo in our repo (https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/blob/main/app/assets/images/logos/konglogo-gradient-secondary.svg), and the other two I've added in the other Service Catalog PR: https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/pull/7862

  GatewayManager -- "Gateway services" --> KonnectServiceCatalog

  %% Style the subgraphs
  class KonnectServiceCatalog konnect
  class BillingService serviceCatalog
  class InventoryService serviceCatalog
{% endmermaid %}
<!-- vale on-->

> Figure 1: This diagram shows how you can use both external integrations, like GitHub and PagerDuty, as well as built-in integrations like Gateway Manager to pull resources into Service Catalog. You can then map those resources (like GitHub repositories, PagerDuty services, and Gateway services) to Service Catalog services.

## Service Catalog use cases

| You want to... | Then use... |
| -------------- | ----------- |
| Keep track of your organization's resource ownership by mapping teams to Service Catalog services. | Add the Service Catalog service's owner when you [create a new Service Catalog service in {{site.konnect_short_name}}](https://cloud.konghq.com/service-catalog/create-service) |
| Gain visibility into all your Services, including unrecognized or undiscovered APIs in your organization.  | [Service Catalog integrations](https://cloud.konghq.com/service-catalog/integrations) |

> | Consolidate key Service Catalog service health metrics, documentation, and API specs into a single dashboard, allowing you to interact with other tools from one place. | [Service Catalog dashboard](https://cloud.konghq.com/service-catalog/) |

Reviewer: I could go either way, but I would probably call this a "registry" or a "list", rather than a "dashboard".

<!-- commenting this out until it's released:
| Govern how services are created and maintained across your company to adhere to security, compliance, and engineering best practices. | Scorecards |-->

## Service Catalog terminology

| Term | Definition |
| ---- | ---------- |
| Integration | These are applications, either {{site.konnect_short_name}}-internal or external, that act as sources from which you can ingest resources. For example, GitHub. |

> | Resource | An umbrella term that denotes entities ingested by Service Catalog from enabled integrations. A resource can range from an infrastructural component (like Gateway services, mesh services, databases, and caches) to an external application or tool (like code repositories, CI/CD infrastructure, and on-call systems) to a piece of documentation (like API specs). Resources can be mapped to one or more Services. |

Author: @miko-bautista I decided against capitalizing "resources" and "integrations" just because we usually don't capitalize terms/features like that. "Service Catalog Services" is kind of the exception because I wanted to make it clear that a Service Catalog Service isn't the same as a Gateway service.

@Guaris What do you think?

Reviewer: Personally, I lean towards capitalizing everything. They are all proper nouns that refer to entities within Service Catalog's object-model. It feels rather strange to capitalize Service, but not integration or resource.

That said, I'll leave the final decision up to you and Angel!

Author: @miko-bautista I talked to the other writers, and we thought it would be best to leave them all uncapitalized since other entities aren't capitalized either. 

I revised this page so that any time we're referring to a service in Kong Gateway, I say "Gateway service" and for a service in Service Catalog, I say "Service Catalog service". Just so it's always clear to the user which service we're talking about.

> | Service | A Service is a collection of resources in the Service Catalog. It is what a developer may regard as a "unit of software," typically a backend service exposing an API |

Author: > It is what a developer may regard as a "unit of software," typically a backend service exposing an API

@miko-bautista I copied this from the learning hub memo table you shared, but I wasn't sure about this part. I think this is what a Gateway service is, whereas the Service is a collection of resources that were injested and might not represent an API.

Reviewer: Thanks for catching! Could we go with something like this instead?

"A unit of software that is typically owned by a single team, exposes one or more APIs, and may be dependent on other Services (as either upstream or downstream). In Service Catalog, a Service is represented as a collection of one or more Resources."

| Service Catalog | A comprehensive catalog of all resources and Service Catalog services running in your organization. |

## FAQs

<details><summary>How do Service Catalog services map to API products? What is the relationship there?</summary>

{% capture service_mapping %}
Service Catalog services do not directly map to API products. Rather, a Gateway service can be mapped to a Service Catalog service and you can then map the Gateway service to an API product version in Service Catalog.
{% endcapture %}

{{ service_mapping | markdownify }}

</details>

<details><summary>How do I view the health and status of my services in the Service Catalog?</summary>

{% capture service_health %}

> Navigate to **Resources** in the Service Catalog and click on the Service Catalog service you want to view the health and status of.

Reviewer: Navigate to **Services** (not **Resources**) in the Service Catalog...

{% endcapture %}

{{ service_health | markdownify }}

</details>

> <details><summary>How can I identify and reuse existing resources?</summary>

Reviewer: I'm not sure that I fully understand this question.

Perhaps the question should be rephrased into something like "How can I identify which resources are available for mapping to my Service Catalog services?"

And the answer would be something like: "Navigate to the **Resources** page in the Service Catalog to view a list of all available resources. These are ingested by Service Catalog from the integrations that have been installed and authorized, which are found in **Integrations** page.

The above is just a suggestion. Feel free to edit as you see fit!

{% capture reuse_resources %}
Service Catalog will pull in any resources that match your specified criteria when you enable integrations. 
{% endcapture %}

{{ reuse_resources | markdownify }}

</details>

<details><summary>What should I do if I notice discrepancies in the data shown in the Service Catalog?</summary>

{% capture discrepancies %}
Check the Service Catalog integration settings and data sources for any issues. Ensure that all connected tools are properly configured and that data synchronization is functioning correctly.
{% endcapture %}

{{ discrepancies | markdownify }}

</details>

<details><summary>Can I control who has access to specific Service Catalog service or data?</summary>

{% capture service_access %}

> Yes, you can configure access controls and manage permissions to Service Catalog by configuring [teams](/konnect/org-management/teams-and-roles/manage/) and [roles](/konnect/org-management/teams-and-roles/roles-reference/).

Reviewer: Does this page need to be updated with Service Catalog related roles? /konnect/org-management/teams-and-roles/roles-reference/

Reviewer: NVM, just saw `https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/pull/7849`!
